Mr. Nam. The food is here.
Okay.
The doctor is being held at the moment…
Damn it.
It's like I'm locked up in prison.
Hang in there, sir.
If the reporters see you,
they'll make a fuss about it.
"The administration's number two guy
is at the scene.
it must be some political scheme."
What?
I'm sorry.
Hey, wait!
…and in this crisis,
the ANSP's wise judgment
and action is needed
more than ever at the scene.
Hey, where's the pickled radish?
I'm sorry, sir.
Look at this guy. Where's your head at?
Enjoy!
This is a scheme.
A joint scheme
for the presidential election.
What?
But still, how could they shoot at you?
Professor Han's case was also part of it.
That's why they got us away from him.
But he was killed,
so this hostage situation
became their plan B.
They're using this…
for the election?
No way.
They're not planning
to kill the students, are they?
Will you just pray they won't?
What do I have to do then? Just tell me.
For them to win the election
by a landslide,
they'll try to kill everyone
including the hostages.
We need proof
that they're planning to do it.
As a matter of fact,
Gal and I agreed to dig into it together.
As soon as we get it, I'll have Gal--
If you act rashly,
both you and Gal will be killed.
Bring it to me once you get it.
What are you going to do in here?
I'll demand more supplies tomorrow.
I'll ask them to send you in again,
so find it by tomorrow morning.
But how can I…
Wait.
Are you two…
We're both rats in a trap.
If we fight each other, we'll all die.
We must get out alive.
Just a minute.
Give us privacy just for a minute.
If you're done talking, come out.
Both of you.
Comrade.
She's my fiancée.
Is a minute too much to ask?
Come out.
So tell me.
Exactly how many single women
are in the dorm at the moment?
Exactly 56 single women.
Dr. Kang's in there too, right?
Oh, right. Dr. Kang is
also
single.
Is it possible
that she's been married
and didn't tell us?
Come on. No way.
I once asked her why she was still single.
And?
One day in winter, while she was hiking
in some snowy mountains,
she slipped and hung
on the edge of a cliff.
Just when she thought
she was going to die,
some guy saved her.
Without knowing his name or age,
she spent the night with him
in some cave and parted ways.
Since then,
she's never been able to get over him.
She said she was
waiting to meet him like some destiny.
Oh, my goodness.
It sounds like something
from a romance novel.
Did anything happen in that cave?
Stop it.
I didn't peg her as naive.
That's what I thought too.
So if we include Dr. Kang,